hello everyone it's recap cinema here
in this video i will be explaining the
movie cashback
one day this student ben decides to
break up with his girlfriend and time
starts to slow down after he gets hit in
the head with a cup
while at school ben is very tired and
slow
we see that his ex-girlfriend has
already started to date another guy
named steve
as ben makes his way through the
lunchroom he becomes very annoyed at his
ex that she is already talking with
another guy
he sits down to eat his lunch when his
friend shawn sits next to him
they talk about ben's breakup and how
she was always looking for a better
boyfriend
shawn suggests that ben can find a
better girlfriend and a more beautiful
one like a model
shawn also says that ben's ex-girlfriend
would become jealous and try to get him
back
ben is at his art class when he is
supposed to sketch this nude man
instead ben peeks around him and sees a
girl that he finds beautiful
instead of sketching the man he decides
to draw the girl but his art teacher
says otherwise so he goes back to sketch
the man
over the next few days ben is not taking
the break up well and reminisces on his
times with his ex-girlfriend
because ben cannot take the breakup well
he decides to call his ex and see if she
wants to get back together
she says their relationship is over and
that she is already with another person
after hearing this ben becomes restless
during the day and at night because he
has nothing to do and cannot sleep
he goes to a grocery store and sees that
the store is hiring
he decides to fill out an application
and soon after he is meeting with the
manager
jenkins is the manager and gives him the
job but ben feels like something will
change in his life
during his shift ben has been staring at
this bag of peas for a long time
jenkins notices this and scolds ben for
not picking up the bag of peas
ben then gets distracted by a woman when
she bends down and realizes that he
loves to draw and paint females he also
believes that all women hold power that
they are unaware of
jenkins then slaps him on the head and
gets him out of his dazed state
as he works through his job he notices
how his coworkers pass time
this girl tries to avoid looking at the
time and when she does she regrets it
and barry doesn't really work
he jokes around with his coworkers and
this passes time easily
he also jokes around with the customers
by putting adult toys in the woman's
purses to see if they buy them or not
jenkins spends his time talking about
himself and boring his employees
ben has a different way of passing time
ben is able to separate himself from
time and see everything as it is frozen
he freezes time and is able to interact
and do whatever he wants while time is
frozen mostly consisting of looking at
the female body
when ben was young his family watched a
swedish foreign exchange student
this exchange student did not cover
herself when walking from the shower to
the room which is partly the reason ben
admires the female body more than others
still to this day ben admires the female
body and obsesses about drawing them
he says he often unclothes the females
and draws them in the store
then when he wants to return time all he
has to do is crack his fingers
in his room sean meets with him and they
remember a story from when they were
young
when they were young sean's mother went
out shopping so they decided to look at
some dirty photos of women
when his mom got back they quickly put
the magazines down and greeted his mom
his mom noticed they were hard and
thought they were gay
at the present time sean says ben needs
to get with a girl for one night
when they were young shawn realized that
the women would be paid a lot of money
to undress in front of a camera
sean started to do this and would pay a
girl to undress in front of him
soon after all the kids would pay this
girl to do the same thing to them
at the present time ben is at a shift
when this girl takes a bite from his
sandwich
he has a real encounter with this girl
and he wishes he could live in that
moment for weeks
ben then thinks about all the girls he
has liked in the past
one instance is of this girl that was in
his class
this girl had hurt herself and got a
cast that all the kids signed
when she got the cast removed she had a
lot of hair and all the kids bullied her
for it
ben comforted her and they started to
date after that
he remembers when they were about to
kiss but he walked away because he
wasn't ready
he still regrets that decision because
the girl moved away before he could kiss
her
jenkins then get some of the employees
to participate in a soccer game
the score ends up being 26-0 with ben's
team losing
after everyone has left ben is left
alone with sharon they go to a
restaurant and start to talk with each
other
they talk about ben's drawings and they
become really good friends
jenkins then asks ben to hire a stripper
for his birthday party and ben asks
shawn for help
they go to a strip club to hire a
stripper but all ben can think about is
sharon
ben talks with sharon about going to
jenkins's party when they kiss and ben
is very happy about this
later ben meets up with sharon and they
go to jenkins's birthday party
another day ben arrives at an art
gallery and shows the boss his drawings
this guy allows ben to put his drawings
in the gallery for one day
sharon gets mail that says ben will have
his art at the gallery and she decides
to go there
when she meets up with ben she is amazed
that the drawings are all of her
they kiss and the time freezes but for
both ben and sharon
they walk outside and kiss once more
this is how the movie ends
let me know what you thought of this
movie and don't forget to drop a like on
the video